src/pages/terms.md, before:

---
layout: ../layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro
title: Terms & Conditons
author: Pingmu Languages
description: Pingmu Languages Terms & Conditions
---

# Terms & Conditions
Last updated: 22 January 2024

<br>

These Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) regulate the access and use of “**Pingmu - Learn Chinese**” mobile app (hereinafter, “Pingmu”, “Services”, or the “App”) built by "**Pingmu Languages**" (hereinafter referred to as “we, us, our” or “Pingmu Languages”). Whenever you use our Services, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to these Terms, and you also agree to our [Privacy Policy](/privacy).

<br>

### 1. Acceptance of Terms
By downloading or using the App, you understand and agree to accept and adhere to the following terms and conditions as stated herein. You’re not allowed to copy or modify the app, any part of the app, or our trademarks in any way. You’re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app, and you also shouldn’t try to translate the app into other languages or make derivative versions. The app itself, and all the trademarks, copyright, database rights, and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to Pingmu Languages.

Pingmu Languages is committed to ensuring that the App is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the App or to charge for its Services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the App or its services without making it very clear to you exactly what you’re paying for.

At some point, we may wish to update the App. The App is currently available on Android – the requirements for the system (and for any additional systems we decide to extend the availability of the app to) may change, and you’ll need to download the updates if you want to keep using the App. Pingmu Languages does not promise that it will always update the App so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the Android version that you have installed on your device. However, you promise to always accept updates to the application when offered to you. We may also wish to stop providing the App, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these Terms will end; (b) you must stop using the App, and (if needed) delete it from your device.

<br>

### 2. Responsible use
When you use our App, you agree to abide by the Terms, this Acceptable Use Policy, and applicable laws and guidelines. Here's what you need to know:
1. Only use the methods we provide to access our Services. Automated or unethical methods are strictly prohibited.

2. Don't disrupt or interfere with our Services, including servers and networks.

3. You are responsible for any consequences resulting from unauthorized activities on your part.

4. Don't use our App in a way that infringes on the rights and freedoms of others.

5. You agree to indemnify us from losses, expenses, and damages resulting from any violation of this policy.

We reserve the right to take action if your behavior is deemed offensive, harmful, objectionable, inaccurate, or if it violates third-party rights.

<br>

### 3. Our Privacy Policy
We prioritize your privacy. Any personal information you provide while using our services is governed by our privacy policies. By using our services, you agree to the collection and use of this information, as outlined in our Privacy Policy. You acknowledge that any personal information shared on your profile is your responsibility, and we are not liable for its use by you or others.

<br>

### 4. Service Plans
The basic version of our App can be used free of charge. The free version gives access to all features in our App, but some features have a limited rate. For unlimited access to all features we provide several “Premium” options. You can choose a one-time (prepaid) purchase that provides Premium access for 1 month. Additionally, we provide Premium subscriptions for monthly or yearly subscriptions. Our fees for Premium are available to view in our app. We reserve the right to update our fees from time to time. We reserve the right to change or withdraw features, specifications, services and content of a Service Plan at any time, without notice to you. 

<br>

#### 4.1 Paid Subscriptions

If you choose Monthly Premium, your subscription will automatically renew on a monthly basis, approximately one month from the activation date. If you choose Yearly Premium, the subscription will automatically renew annually on the activation date. The payment method used for the current Premium subscription will be charged at the end of each subscription period for renewals. You acknowledge that, if we change the fees, this will not affect your existing Premium subscription, therefore, if you have signed up for subscription at a certain fee, any fee changes will not affect any current subscription or any renewals.

<br>

### 5. Payment Processors
All in-app purchases must be purchased through a third-party app store (“Google Play”). Unless otherwise specified, purchases done via third-party online stores are also subject to such third-parties’ terms and conditions, which, in case of any inconsistency or conflict, shall always prevail upon these Terms.

Users purchasing through such third-party online stores must therefore 
read such terms and conditions of sale carefully and accept them.

<br>

### 6. Subscription Cancellation
You can manage and cancel the purchased subscription through Google Play platform. Within our App’s settings menu you can find a link to this Google Play page.

<br>

### 7. Deleting your account
Our App does not make use of personal accounts to manage your App data or Premium subscriptions. To delete your App data you can go to your device’s settings and choose “clear data” for our App or uninstall the App. Once you delete your data, you will lose all settings and progress. We cannot restore progress after you delete your data. 

Your in-app purchases are managed through Google Play. So, any active Premium subscriptions will still be active even after deleting your App data. To restore your Premium access after deleting your App data or uninstalling, you can find the “restore previous purchase” option within the App’s Premium page.

<br>

### 8. Third-Party Services
Our App does use third-party services that declare their Terms and Conditions. Link to Terms and Conditions of third-party service providers used by the App:
- [Google Play Services](https://policies.google.com/terms)

- [Google Play Billing](https://policies.google.com/terms)

- [AdMob](https://developers.google.com/admob/terms)

- [Google Analytics for Firebase](https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/)

- [Firebase Crashlytics](https://firebase.google.com/terms/crashlytics)

Our Services may include content and links to other websites owned by third parties, such as YouTube ("Third-Party Websites"). We want to make it clear that we do not endorse, sponsor, or take responsibility for any Third-Party Websites. These websites are beyond our control, and we are not accountable for their content or privacy practices, including links on those websites or any changes to them. We provide third-party content and links for your convenience only, and their inclusion does not imply our endorsement. You also agree that we are not responsible for any damage or loss directly or indirectly caused by or related to the use or reliance on the content, goods, or services available on or through Third-Party Websites. While using our Services, any content found on Third-Party Websites is not our responsibility. Keep in mind that the content on Third-Party Websites may be protected by copyright and intellectual property laws in various countries.‍

<br>

### 9. Governing Law
As each country has laws that may differ from those of the Netherlands, by accessing our Services, you agree that the statutes and laws of the Netherlands will apply to all matters relating to the use of the Services and the purchase of any products or services through the Services.

Furthermore, any action to enforce this User Agreement shall be brought in the courts located in the Netherlands. You hereby agree to the jurisdiction by such courts and waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such courts.

<br>

### 10. Changes to this Terms and Conditions
Pingmu Languages reserves the right to make changes to these terms and conditions at any time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page. It is strongly recommended to review this page periodically for any changes.

<br>

### 11. Contact Us
If you have any questions or complaints about our Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact us at [pingmu.languages@gmail.com](mailto:pingmu.languages@gmail.com).
<br>

Commit message:

Rerouting added for legacy routes. Terms now includes in-app purchases.

src/pages/terms.md, after:

---
layout: ../layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro
title: Terms & Conditons
author: Pingmu Languages
description: Pingmu Languages Terms & Conditions
---

# Terms & Conditions
Last updated: 23 January 2024

<br>

These Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) regulate the access and use of “**Pingmu - Learn Chinese**” mobile app (hereinafter, “Pingmu”, “Services”, or the “App”) built by "**Pingmu Languages**" (hereinafter referred to as “we, us, our” or “Pingmu Languages”). Whenever you use our Services, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to these Terms, and you also agree to our [Privacy Policy](/privacy).

<br>

### 1. Acceptance of Terms
By downloading or using the App, you understand and agree to accept and adhere to the following terms and conditions as stated herein. You’re not allowed to copy or modify the app, any part of the app, or our trademarks in any way. You’re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app, and you also shouldn’t try to translate the app into other languages or make derivative versions. The app itself, and all the trademarks, copyright, database rights, and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to Pingmu Languages.

Pingmu Languages is committed to ensuring that the App is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the App or to charge for its Services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the App or its services without making it very clear to you exactly what you’re paying for.

At some point, we may wish to update the App. The App is currently available on Android – the requirements for the system (and for any additional systems we decide to extend the availability of the app to) may change, and you’ll need to download the updates if you want to keep using the App. Pingmu Languages does not promise that it will always update the App so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the Android version that you have installed on your device. However, you promise to always accept updates to the application when offered to you. We may also wish to stop providing the App, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these Terms will end; (b) you must stop using the App, and (if needed) delete it from your device.

<br>

### 2. Responsible use
When you use our App, you agree to abide by the Terms, this Acceptable Use Policy, and applicable laws and guidelines. Here's what you need to know:
1. Only use the methods we provide to access our Services. Automated or unethical methods are strictly prohibited.

2. Don't disrupt or interfere with our Services, including servers and networks.

3. You are responsible for any consequences resulting from unauthorized activities on your part.

4. Don't use our App in a way that infringes on the rights and freedoms of others.

5. You agree to indemnify us from losses, expenses, and damages resulting from any violation of this policy.

We reserve the right to take action if your behavior is deemed offensive, harmful, objectionable, inaccurate, or if it violates third-party rights.

<br>

### 3. Our Privacy Policy
We prioritize your privacy. Any personal information you provide while using our services is governed by our privacy policies. By using our services, you agree to the collection and use of this information, as outlined in our Privacy Policy. You acknowledge that any personal information shared on your profile is your responsibility, and we are not liable for its use by you or others.

<br>

### 4. Service Plans
The basic version of our App can be used free of charge. The free version gives access to all features in our App, but some features have a limited rate. For unlimited access to all features we provide several “Premium” options. You can choose between Premium plans for monthly or yearly subscriptions. Our fees for Premium are available to view in our app. We reserve the right to update our fees from time to time. We reserve the right to change or withdraw features, specifications, services and content of a Service Plan at any time, without notice to you. 

<br>

#### 4.1 Premium Paid Subscriptions
If you choose Monthly Premium, your subscription will automatically renew on a monthly basis, approximately one month from the activation date. If you choose Yearly Premium, the subscription will automatically renew annually on the activation date. The payment method used for the current Premium subscription will be charged at the end of each subscription period for renewals. You acknowledge that, if we change the fees, this will not affect your existing Premium subscription, therefore, if you have signed up for subscription at a certain fee, any fee changes will not affect any current subscription or any renewals. Next to any subscriptions plans, we may offer lifetime Premium. This is a one-time payment that gives you access to all the Premium features.

<br>

#### 4.2 In-app purchases
Next to Premium plans, we also offer in-app purchases of consumables, such as flash cards or exports. These are one time payments that in return provide you with the amount of that consumable that you purchased. Our fees for these consumables are available to view in our app. We reserve the right to update our fees from time to time. We reserve the right to change or withdraw consumables, specifications, services and content at any time, without notice to you. 


<br>

### 5. Payment Processors
All in-app purchases must be purchased through a third-party app store (“Google Play”). Unless otherwise specified, purchases done via third-party online stores are also subject to such third-parties’ terms and conditions, which, in case of any inconsistency or conflict, shall always prevail upon these Terms.

Users purchasing through such third-party online stores must therefore 
read such terms and conditions of sale carefully and accept them.

<br>

### 6. Subscription Cancellation
You can manage and cancel the purchased subscription through Google Play platform. Within our App’s settings menu you can find a link to this Google Play page.

<br>

### 7. Deleting your account
Our App does not make use of personal accounts to manage your App data or Premium subscriptions. To delete your App data you can go to your device’s settings and choose “clear data” for our App or uninstall the App. Once you delete your data, you will lose all settings and progress. We cannot restore progress after you delete your data. 

Your in-app purchases are managed through Google Play. So, any active Premium subscriptions will still be active even after deleting your App data. To restore your Premium access after deleting your App data or uninstalling, you can find the “restore previous purchase” option within the App’s Premium page.

<br>

### 8. Third-Party Services
Our App does use third-party services that declare their Terms and Conditions. Link to Terms and Conditions of third-party service providers used by the App:
- [Google Play Services](https://policies.google.com/terms)

- [Google Play Billing](https://policies.google.com/terms)

- [AdMob](https://developers.google.com/admob/terms)

- [Google Analytics for Firebase](https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/)

- [Firebase Crashlytics](https://firebase.google.com/terms/crashlytics)

Our Services may include content and links to other websites owned by third parties, such as YouTube ("Third-Party Websites"). We want to make it clear that we do not endorse, sponsor, or take responsibility for any Third-Party Websites. These websites are beyond our control, and we are not accountable for their content or privacy practices, including links on those websites or any changes to them. We provide third-party content and links for your convenience only, and their inclusion does not imply our endorsement. You also agree that we are not responsible for any damage or loss directly or indirectly caused by or related to the use or reliance on the content, goods, or services available on or through Third-Party Websites. While using our Services, any content found on Third-Party Websites is not our responsibility. Keep in mind that the content on Third-Party Websites may be protected by copyright and intellectual property laws in various countries.‍

<br>

### 9. Governing Law
As each country has laws that may differ from those of the Netherlands, by accessing our Services, you agree that the statutes and laws of the Netherlands will apply to all matters relating to the use of the Services and the purchase of any products or services through the Services.

Furthermore, any action to enforce this User Agreement shall be brought in the courts located in the Netherlands. You hereby agree to the jurisdiction by such courts and waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such courts.

<br>

### 10. Changes to this Terms and Conditions
Pingmu Languages reserves the right to make changes to these terms and conditions at any time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page. It is strongly recommended to review this page periodically for any changes.

<br>

### 11. Contact Us
If you have any questions or complaints about our Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact us at [pingmu.languages@gmail.com](mailto:pingmu.languages@gmail.com).
<br>
